"Each friend represents a world in us, a world possibly not born until they arrive, and it is only by this meeting that a new world is born." - Anais Nin
"A loving relationship is one in which the loved one is free to be himself - to laugh with me, but never at me; to cry with me, but never because of me; to love life, to love himself, to love being loved. Such a relationship is based upon freedom and can never grow in a jealous heart." - Leo F. Buscaglia
"A real friend is one who walks in when the rest of the world walks out." - Walter Winchell
"The meeting of two personalities is like the contact of two chemical substances: if there is any reaction, both are transformed." - Carl Jung
"Whenever you're in conflict with someone, there is one factor that can make the difference between damaging your relationship and deepening it. That factor is attitude." - William James
"When you stop expecting people to be perfect, you can like them for who they are." - Donald Miller
"If you would be loved, love, and be loveable." - Benjamin Franklin
"No road is long with good company." - Turkish Proverb
"They may forget what you said, but they will never forget how you made them feel." - Carl W. Buechner
"People are lonely because they build walls instead of bridges." - Joseph F. Newton Men
"Shared joy is a double joy; shared sorrow is half a sorrow." - Swedish Proverb
"You don't develop courage by being happy in your relationships everyday. You develop it by surviving difficult times and challenging adversity." - Epicurus
"Constant kindness can accomplish much. As the sun makes ice melt, kindness causes misunderstanding, mistrust and hostility to evaporate." - Albert Schweitzer
"For beautiful eyes, look for the good in others; for beautiful lips, speak only words of kindness; and for poise, walk with the knowledge that you are never alone." - Audrey Hepburn
"You can make more friends in two months by becoming interested in other people than you can in two years by trying to get other people interested in you." - Dale Carnegie
"Nobody can hurt me without my permission." - Mahatma Gandhi
"As you think so shall you be! Since you cannot physically experience another person, you can only experience them in your mind. Conclusion: All of the other people in your life are simply thoughts in your mind. Not physical beings to you, but thoughts. Your relationships are all in how you think about the other people of your life. Your experience of all those people is only in your mind. Your feelings about your lovers come from your thoughts.For example, they may in fact behave in ways that you find offensive. However, your relationship to them when they behave offensively is not determined by their behavior, it is determined only by how you choose to relate to that behavior. Their actions are theirs, you cannot own them, you cannot be them, you can only process them in your mind." - Wayne Dyer
"Assumptions are the termites of relationships." - Henry Winkler
"A good word is an easy obligation; but not to speak ill requires only our silence; which costs us nothing." - John Tillotson
"Love is when you meet someone who tells you something new about yourself." - Andre Breton
"Relationships-of all kinds-are like sand held in your hand. Held loosely, with an open hand, the sand remains where it is. The minute you close your hand and squeeze tightly to hold on, the sand trickles through your fingers. You may hold onto some of it, but most will be spilled.A relationship is like that. Held loosely, with respect and freedom for the other person, it is likely to remain intact. But hold too tightly, too possessively, and the relationship slips away and is lost." - Kaleel Jamison
"A woman knows the face of the man she loves as a sailor knows the open sea." - Honore de Balzac
"Someone to tell it to is one of the fundamental needs of human beings." - Miles Franklin
"Friendship is born at that moment when one person says to another, 'What! You too? I thought I was the only one" - C.S. Lewis
"The beginning of love is to let those we love be perfectly themselves, and not to twist them to fit our own image. Otherwise we love only the reflection of ourselves we find in them." - Thomas Merton
"When a woman is talking to you, listen to what she says with her eyes." - Victor Hugo
"Some think love can be measured by the amount of butterflies in their tummy. Others think love can be measured in bunches of flowers, or by using the words 'for ever.' But love can only truly be measured by actions. It can be a small thing, such as peeling an orange for a person you love because you know they don't like doing it." - Marian Keyes
"We can improve our relationships with others by leaps and bounds if we become encouragers instead of critics." - Joyce Meyer
"Love takes off masks that we fear we cannot live without and know we cannot live within." - James Baldwin
"Don't smother each other. No one can grow in the shade." - Leo Buscaglia
"We are afraid to care too much, for fear that the other person does not care at all." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"Some of the biggest challenges in relationships come from the fact that most people enter a relationship in order to get something: they're trying to find someone who's going to make them feel good. In reality, the only way a relationship will last is if you see your relationship as a place that you go to give, and not a place that you go to take." - Anthony Robbins
"The royal road to a man's heart is to talk to him about the things he treasures most." - Dale Carnegie
"We often refuse to accept an idea merely because the tone of voice in which it has been expressed is unsympathetic to us." - Friedrich Nietzsche
"It is of practical value to learn to like yourself. Since you must spend so much time with yourself you might as well get some satisfaction out of the relationship." - Norman Vincent Peale
"Lots of people want to ride with you in the limo, but what you want is someone who will take the bus with you when the limo breaks down." - Oprah Winfrey
"What love we've given, we'll have forever. What love we fail to give, will be lost for all eternity." - Leo Buscaglia
"Keep away from those who try to belittle your ambitions. Small people always do that, but the really great make you believe that you too can become great." - Mark Twain
"The greatest compliment that was ever paid me was when someone asked me what I thought, and attended to my answer." - Henry David Thoreau
"You can kiss your family and friends good-bye and put miles between you, but at the same time you carry them with you in your heart, your mind, your stomach, because you do not just live in a world but a world lives in you." - Frederick Buechner
"Once the realization is accepted that even between the closest human beings infinite distances continue, a wonderful living side by side can grow, if they succeed in loving the distance between them which makes it possible for each to see the other whole against the sky." - Rainer Maria Rilke
"The way to love anything is to realize that it may be lost." - Gilbert K. Chesterton
"True friendship comes when the silence between two people is comfortable." - David Tyson Gentry
"When we're incomplete, we're always searching for somebody to complete us. When, after a few years or a few months of a relationship, we find that we're still unfulfilled, we blame our partners and take up with somebody more promising. This can go on and on-series polygamy-until we admit that while a partner can add sweet dimensions to our lives, we, each of us, are responsible for our own fulfillment.Nobody else can provide it for us, and to believe otherwise is to delude ourselves dangerously and to program for eventual failure every relationship we enter." - Tom Robbins
"If men would consider not so much wherein they differ, as wherein they agree, there would be far less of uncharitableness and angry feeling in the world." - Joseph Addison
"Life is partly what we make it, and partly what it is made by the friends we choose." - Tennessee Williams
"Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding of ourselves." - Carl Jung
"When dealing with people, remember you are not dealing with creatures of logic, but creatures of emotion." - Dale Carnegie
"Three things in human life are important: the first is to be kind; the second is to be kind; and the third is to be kind." - Henry James
"When you hold resentment toward another, you are bound to that person or condition by an emotional link that is stronger than steel. Forgiveness is the only way to dissolve that link and get free." - Catherine Ponder
"Intimacy is the capacity to be rather weird with someone - and finding that that's ok with them." - Alain de Botton
"An eye for eye only ends up making the whole world blind." - Mahatma Gandhi.
"Flatter me, and I may not believe you. Criticize me, and I may not like you. Ignore me, and I may not forgive you. Encourage me, and I will not forget you. Love me and I may be forced to love you." - William Arthur Ward
"What is uttered from the heart alone, will win the hearts of others to your own." - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"Happiness is having a large, loving, caring, close-knit family in another city." - George Burns
"What you do not want done to yourself, do not do to others." - Confucius
"Don't walk in front of me; I may not follow. Don't walk behind me; I may not lead. Just walk beside me and be my friend." - Albert Camus
"Having someone wonder where you are when you don't come home at night is a very old human need." - Margaret Mead
"I like to listen. I have learned a great deal from listening carefully. Most people never listen." - Ernest Hemingway
"Since you get more joy out of giving joy to others, you should put a good deal of thought into the happiness that you are able to give." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"Never idealize others. They will never live up to your expectations. Don't over-analyze your relationships. Stop playing games. A growing relationship can only be nurtured by genuineness." - Leo F. Buscaglia
"There's one sad truth in life I've foundWhile journeying east and west - The only folks we really wound; Are those we love the best. We flatter those we scarcely know, We please the fleeting guest, And deal full many a thoughtless blowTo those who love us best." - Ella Wheeler Wilcox
"A friend is someone who knows the song in your heart and can sing it back to you when you have forgotten the words." - Donna Roberts
"Loving people live in a loving world. Hostile people live in a hostile world. Same world." - Wayne Dyer
"It's easy to fall in love. The hard part is finding someone to catch you." - Bertrand Russell
"It takes courage to love, but pain through love is the purifying fire which those who love generously know. We all know people who are so much afraid of pain that they shut themselves up like clams in a shell and, giving out nothing, receive nothing and therefore shrink until life is a mere living death." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"The real test of friendship is can you literally do nothing with the other person? Can you enjoy those moments of life that are utterly simple?" - Eugene Kennedy
"Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage." - Lao-Tzu
"If you aren't good at loving yourself, you will have a difficult time loving anyone, since you'll resent the time and energy you give another person that you aren't even giving to yourself." - Barbara De Angelis
"One of the most beautiful qualities of true friendship is to understand and to be understood." - Seneca
"Truth is everybody is going to hurt you: you just gotta find the ones worth suffering for." - Bob Marley
"Your task is not to seek for love, but merely to seek and find all the barriers within yourself that you have built against it." - Rumi
"In everyone's life, at some time, our inner fire goes out. It is then burst into flame by an encounter with another human being. We should all be thankful for those people who rekindle the inner spirit." - Albert Schweitzer
"Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none." - William Shakespeare
"The best thing to hold onto in life is each other." - Audrey Hepburn
"You know it's love when all you want is that person to be happy, even if you're not part of their happiness." - Julia Roberts
"The most painful thing is losing yourself in the process of loving someone too much, and forgetting that you are special too." - Ernest Hemingway
"A friend is someone who gives you total freedom to be yourself - and especially to feel, or not feel. Whatever you happen to be feeling at any moment is fine with them. That's what real love amounts to - letting a person be what he really is." - Jim Morrison
"A loyal friend laughs at your jokes when they're not so good, and sympathizes with your problems when they're not so bad." - Arnold H. Glasgow
"Just because it didn't last forever, doesn't mean it wasn't worth your while." - Unknown
"Age does not protect you from love. But love, to some extent, protects you from age." - Anais Nin
"My great hope is to laugh as much as I cry; to get my work done and try to love somebody and the courage to accept the love in return." - Maya Angelou
"There are no goodbyes for us. Wherever you are, you will always be in my heart." - Mahatma Gandhi
"Blessed are they who have the gift of making friends, for it is one of God's greatest gifts. It involves many things, but above all the power of going out of one's self and appreciating what is noble and loving in another." - Thomas Hughes
"First and foremost, self-love, and then give love away." - Katy Perry
"Love cures people-both the ones who give it and the ones who receive it." - Karl Menninger
"Growing apart doesn't change the fact that for a long time we grew side by side; our roots will always be tangled. I'm glad for that." - Ally Condie
"When we honestly ask ourselves which person in our lives means the most to us, we often find that it is those who, instead of giving advice, solutions, or cures, have chosen rather to share our pain and touch our wounds with a warm and tender hand." - Henri Nouwen
"Patience is the mark of true love. If you truly love someone, you will be more patient with that person." - Thich Nhat Hanh
"If you go looking for a friend, you're going to find they're very scarce. If you go out to be a friend, you'll find them everywhere." - Zig Ziglar
"The pain of parting is nothing to the joy of meeting again." - Charles Dickens
"A successful marriage requires falling in love many times, always with the same person." - Mignon McLaughlin
"Find a group of people who challenge and inspire you; spend a lot of time with them, and it will change your life." - Amy Poehler
"To say that one waits a lifetime for his soulmate to come around is a paradox. People eventually get sick of waiting, take a chance on someone, and by the art of commitment become soulmates, which takes a lifetime to perfect." - Criss Jami
"There is nothing I would not do for those who are really my friends. I have no notion of loving people by halves, it is not my nature." - Jane Austen
"Nothing is perfect. Life is messy. Relationships are complex. Outcomes are uncertain. People are irrational." - Hugh Mackay
"When you love someone, you love the person as they are, and not as you'd like them to be." - Leo Tolstoy
"There is nothing like puking with somebody to make you into old friends." - Sylvia Plath
"If I had a flower for every time I thought of you... I could walk through my garden forever." - Alfred Tennyson
"A good friend can tell you what is the matter with you in a minute. He may not seem such a good friend after telling." - Arthur Brisbane
"Above all, don't lie to yourself. The man who lies to himself and listens to his own lie comes to a point that he cannot distinguish the truth within him, or around him, and so loses all respect for himself and for others. And having no respect he ceases to love." - Fyodor Dostoevsky
"Some people arrive and make such a beautiful impact on your life, you can barely remember what life was like without them." - Anna Taylor
"Love is a two-way street constantly under construction." - Carroll Bryant
"A dream you dream alone is only a dream. A dream you dream together is reality." - John Lennon
"Spend a few minutes a day really listening to your spouse. No matter how stupid his problems sound to you." - Megan Mullally
"It is the friends you can call up at 4 a.m. that matter." - Marlene Dietrich
"To the world you may be just one person, but to one person you may be the world." - Brandi Snyder
"Love that stammers, that stutters, is apt to be the love that loves best." - Gabriela Mistral
"For small creatures such as we the vastness is bearable only through love." - Carl Sagan
"Love and kindness are never wasted. They always make a difference. They bless the one who receives them, and they bless you, the giver." - Barbara De Angelis
"Love is a game that two can play and both can win." - Eva Gabor
"Deep in your wounds are seeds, waiting to grow beautiful flowers." - Niti Majethia
"If ever there is tomorrow when we're not together... there is something you must always remember. You are braver than you believe, stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think. But the most important thing is, even if we're apart... I'll always be with you." - Winnie the Pooh
"It is not so much our friends' help that helps us, as the confidence of their help." - Epicurus
"Love does not consist in gazing at each other, but in looking outward together in the same direction." - Antoine de Saint-Exupery
"We're all a little weird. And life is a little weird. And when we find someone whose weirdness is compatible with ours, we join up with them and fall into mutually satisfying weirdness-and call it love-true love." - Robert Fulghum
"A true friend is someone who is there for you when he'd rather be anywhere else." - Len Wein
"He's not perfect. You aren't either, and the two of you will never be perfect. But if he can make you laugh at least once, causes you to think twice, and if he admits to being human and making mistakes, hold onto him and give him the most you can. He isn't going to quote poetry, he's not thinking about you every moment, but he will give you a part of him that he knows you could break. Don't hurt him, don't change him, and don't expect for more than he can give. Don't analyze. Smile when he makes you happy, yell when he makes you mad, and miss him when he's not there. Love hard when there is love to be had. Because perfect guys don't exist, but there's always one guy that is perfect for you." - Bob Marley
"Try to be a rainbow in someone's cloud." - Maya Angelou
"If you love them in the morning with their eyes full of crust; if you love them at night with their hair full of rollers, chances are, you're in love." - Miles Davis
"Love doesn't make the world go around. Love is what makes the ride worthwhile." - Franklin P. Jones
"It was only a sunny smile, and little it cost in the giving, but like morning light it scattered the night and made the day worth living." - F. Scott Fitzgerald
"Forgiveness does not change the past, but it does enlarge the future." - Paul Boose
"If you live to be 100, I hope I live to be 100 minus 1 day, so I never have to live without you." - Winnie the Pooh
"Let us be grateful to the people who make us happy; they are the charming gardeners who make our souls blossom." - Marcel Proust